Add legacy_name param to use the original attachment names (#35520)
demisto/content: Packs/Gmail/ReleaseNotes/1_3_22.md

#### Integrations

##### Gmail

> - Updated the configuration parameters- added a Use Legacy Name param in order to use the plain attachment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a Use Legacy Name configuration parameter in order to use the plain attachment name.
```

> - Updated the attachment name to be in the following format : <the attachment ID\>-attachmentName-<the attachment name\> only if the attachment is inline and **Use Legacy Name** is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the attachment name to be in the following format: <the attachment ID\>-attachmentName-<the attachment name\> only if the attachment is inline and **Use Legacy Name** is disabled.
```
